the global e-commerce Market is expected
to Total $4.89 trillion in 2021 that's
27.6% growth rate for the year and it's
not by chance that's a big part of my
clients are in e-commerce if there's one
area that I had a chance to learn from
my client success and failures it's
e-commerce today I'm going to share a
simple strategy to scale your e-commerce
business and be prepared for 2021
holiday season hey everyone I'm Neil
Patel and today I'm going to break down
a simple strategy to scale your
e-commerce business and prepare for the
2021 holiday
season before we get started today's
video I just want to let you know that
it's sponsored by alibaba.com the
strategy I'm going to share with you
revolves around two key points number
one finding out what are the dates in
the year that you need prepare for and
then maximizing your chance of success
for those seasonal opportunities and two
stocking up for those opportunities
while making sure you're getting
products at the lowest cost possible
from the best suppliers and as a bonus
tip I'm going to show you the way to
save anywhere from 10% to 40% across 34
product categories when you're stocking
up for your shop so let's get started
step one prepare in advance for seasonal
opportunities every e-commerce store has
seasonal opportunities depending on what
you're selling for most e-commerce shops
holidays like Christmas or Black Friday
or Mother's Day or Father's Day will
typically bring you lots of sales and
revenue the secret is selling more on
these special holidays is
preparation you got to First keep in
mind that one or two months before each
of those seasonal opportunities you
should be absolutely ready to do your
best marketing and fulfill orders that
will come through in other words you got
to prepare in advance and here's how you
should approach that one do a search on
Google for all the holidays in your
country during the year in the United
States I can even find the most targeted
opportunities by just searching on
Google for e-commerce holidays in United
States
2021 next some blogs will have all the
holidays listed out so it makes it
easier to understand which holidays have
the most commercial potential second I
want you to take note of the specific
holidays that are relevant to your
business for example if you own an
e-commerce site that sells grooming
products for men Father's Day is an
important holiday for you on the flip
side Mother's Day isn't that so
important when your groing products are
forment third once you know which
holidays that you should Target for your
shop you got to schedule all the
preparation work for at least one or two
months in advance look at your
bestselling products think about the
unique promotions that you could be
running on these holidays like
discounted pricing bundles or even
referral programs your goal is to create
one or more irresistible offers that you
can promote and do lots of marketing for
whether it's with your email base push
notification subscribers social media
followers or even on paid ad platforms
you want to write up all the email
marketing campaigns that you want to
send out at least a month or two in
events that well you're not scrambling
in the last minute write all the copy
get all the the creatives design all the
videos recorded any of the social ad
campaigns that you need to plan do that
month in advance as well step two stock
up so that you have enough inventory to
keep up with the demand before you start
running your promotion when it comes to
e-commerce I've seen three things that
online business owners struggle with one
getting easy access to high quality
products two finding suppliers that they
can trust and three getting their
logistic sorted when it comes to cost
and turnover if you're sourcing your
products at a high cost selling your
products that aren't of the quality your
customers want and you're being at the
mercy of the suppliers who you know are
their hard to trust and who make a
struggle with Logistics no matter how
great your marketing is you're still
going to fail so let's get started with
the first one getting easy access to
high quality products that your Shoppers
want I'm going to recommend to you
alibaba.com as it's the easiest most
affordable platform source for your
products and to stock up your inventory
Alibaba has nearly 200 million products
and 200,000 Global suppliers to choose
from it's a lot of suppliers and that'll
allow you to customize your products to
your own brand when you're getting
started you won't be able to afford high
order quantities and alibaba.com has
dozens of thousands of suppliers who
make it easy for you to get started by
offering some of the lowest minimum
order quantities they also have many
different suppliers so there's many
different categories of products that
each of them have and the Chance are no
matter what you're looking for you're
going to find it on alibaba.com this
leads us to the Second Challenge finding
reliable suppliers that you can trust
the end outcome that you're looking for
as a shop owner is never losing money
when stocking up alibaba.com solves this
problem in a few different ways you get
to see the products in 3D showrooms
sometimes just seeing a photo of a
product doesn't give you enough
confidence seeing a 3D prototype gives
you a better idea of what you're going
to purchase trade Assurance whenever you
see trade Assurance supplier icons in
their platform you know that you're
going to be paying through the supplier
or to the supplier through alibaba.com
and you can be rest assured that if you
have problems with the shipping time or
the quality of the product alibaba.com
will be there to support you and your
product investment you'll have the
chance of doing live video chats with
live product demos with your potential
suppliers and you'll get to talk
directly with your suppliers and get a
holistic picture of their business
production capabilities and products
last but not least you'll get your
Logistics sorted so you get your
products on time and have accurate
delivery time estimates so you can run
your business with the least amount of
uncertainty possible alibaba.com has
over 40 million ready to ship products
with a quick dispatch time they have 28
prioritized trade routes to provide more
stable Logistics services to 169
countries and regions around the world
the delivery time estimates are
calculated based on Global Logistics Big
Data that's been collected over the past
few years you just need to find the
products that Mark the xday delivery if
your product doesn't reach its
destination in the estimated delivery
date you can make a claim and get 10% of
the order amount as compensation to a
maximum of a $100 USD now here's my
bonus tip if you're stocking up for this
year's holiday as I recommend you should
leverage alibaba.com super September
from September 1st until September 30th
you can get access to huge discounts up
to 40% across 34 categories you'll get
at least 10% off Drop Shipping products
10% off holiday products not only will
you get access to the world's leading
suppliers with high quality products at
a fraction of the cost you pay with
other suppliers you can increase your
profit Min significantly with those
discounts spend less sell more that's
business with alibaba.com